Miranda/compression-getting-started-update (#962)
timescale/docs: timescaledb/getting-started/compress-data.md

# Compression policies

TimescaleDB comes with native compression capabilities, which enable you to
analyze and query massive amounts of historical time-series data inside a

> database while also saving on storage costs. **AND** all PostgreSQL data 
> types can be used in compression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database while also saving on storage costs. Additionally, all PostgreSQL data 
types can be used in compression.
```

> In the next step, you will enable compression on your hypertable and learn 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next step, you enable compression on your hypertable and learn 
```

two ways of compressing data: 
1. Using an automatic policy
2. Manually compressing chunks

> But, before you can start compressing data, you will need to enable compression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, before you can start compressing data, you need to enable compression
```

on the `stocks_real_time` hypertable. 

## Enable TimescaleDB compression on the hypertable

To enable compression, you need to [`ALTER` the `stocks_real_time` hypertable][alter-table-compression]. There

> are three parameters you can specify when enableing compression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are three parameters you can specify when enabling compression:
```

SELECT * FROM timescaledb_information.compression_settings;
```

## Automatic compression

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Now that compression is enabled, you can schedule a [policy to automatically compress][compress-automatic]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have enabled compression, you can schedule a [policy to automatically compress][compress-automatic]
```

data according to the settings defined above. 

> Let's say that you want to compress data on your hypertable that has existed more than a month
> in the past. You could use the following code to do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to compress data on your hypertable that has existed more than a month
in the past, you could use this code:
```

```sql
SELECT add_compression_policy('stocks_real_time', INTERVAL '1 month');
```

> Similar to the continuous aggregates policy and retention policies, once you run this code, all data 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the continuous aggregates policy and retention policies, when you run this code, all data 
```

> from one month prior will be compressed in `stocks_real_time`, and a recurring compression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from one month prior is compressed in `stocks_real_time`, and a recurring compression
```

policy is created. 

> <highlight type="note">
> You may be wondering, "Why not compress all your data? Why only compress data older than one month?".
> A compressed chunk cannot be updated and could block the addition or removal 
> of data. Since we will likely be adding data for more recent time periods, it is best  
> only to compress data you believe will not be updated. 
>  
>   <img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/getting-started/continuous-aggregate-refresh-compression.jpg" alt="Continuous aggregate with refresh and compression policies"/>
> </highlight>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important that you don't try to compress all your data. It is best to 
only compress data when it has aged, which is why the examples here 
compress data older than one month. You can't updated a compressed 
chunk, and this could block the addition or removal of data. Since you 
are likely to be adding data for more recent time periods, it is best only 
to compress data that is less likely to require updating. 

 <img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/getting-started/continuous-aggregate-refresh-compression.jpg" alt="Continuous aggregate with refresh and compression policies"/>
```

Few things here: I took it out of the admon, because having the image inside the admon makes it all a bit too big on the page, and took out the future tense ("will").  I also have a personal dislike for the question/answer format, so I reworded that while still trying to maintain the informal tone.

> Just like for automated policies for continuous aggregates, we can view information and statistics 
> about our compression background job in the following two information views:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like for automated policies for continuous aggregates, you can view information and statistics 
about your compression background job in these two information views:
```
